# Free Parking – Latios Framework Open Project \#3

Free Parking is an open game project using Unity’s ECS and the [Latios
Framework](https://github.com/Dreaming381/Latios-Framework). This project serves
as a playground for the Latios Framework developers and the community to
discover, learn, and develop the features of the Latios Famework. The project
offers a lot of creative freedom to contributors. Whether you are just starting
out, or a seasoned user of these technologies, park here and explore!

The Unity version is currently 2022.3.13f1

Join the Latios Framework Community [Discord](https://discord.gg/Sb8aQDuUe8).

This branch contains experimental features that have not yet been finalized in
an official Latios Framework release. Only use this branch if you intend to
experiment with or help develop new features.

## Core Gameplay

The main game loop features a 3rd person adventure in a populated world. The
player is tasked to find specific characters and objects in the environment
given a set of clues. There are no enemies or any other perils. However, there
are many distractions that the player may explore.

## Dev Dungeons

Dev dungeons are unique areas of the game the player may enter. Upon doing so,
the player will be met with an entirely new world with new gameplay, or perhaps
even no gameplay at all. A dev dungeon can contain anything. It may contain a
sample project for using a specific feature of the Latios Framework. It may
contain a test scene used to develop new features. It may contain a new
community member’s experiments as they learn about the technology. Or perhaps it
may contain art or gameplay prototypes and experimentations.

Dev dungeons allow the player to discover various features of the Latios
Framework in a highly explorative environment. And they allow anyone in the
community to grow and experiment.

## Contributing

It doesn’t matter if you are total beginner to the Latios Framework, or a
seasoned user of the technology. Nor does it matter if you have no programming
skills at all and want to help make the Free Parking world a more interesting
place, or if you are a DOTS wizard seeking the Dungeon-Of-The-Year award. **You
can contribute!**

See the [Getting Started](Documentation~/Getting%20Started%20-%20Setup.md) guide
to learn how to leave your mark and share your creativity with the community.

## Rules

With Free Parking, you may add whatever want to the project with the exception
for the following:

-   NSFW material
-   Highly offensive material
-   Copyrighted works
-   AI-generated content (except for Unity Muse which is permitted)

Otherwise, anything goes! Have fun!

## Licensing

Unless otherwise specified, all code within this project is licensed under the
[Unity Companion
License,](https://unity.com/legal/licenses/unity-companion-license) and all
non-code assets is licensed under [CC0 – Public
Domain](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

If you believe your copyrighted work has been inappropriately included in this
project, please reach out!

## Is This Project Dead?

I determine how much this project is valued by the Latios Framework community
based on how much others from the community contribute to it. The more the
community contributes to this project, the more time and effort I will put into
the project as well. Otherwise, I sometimes use this project as a place to
experiment with new features as I develop them.
